and it sounds you're experiencing some chest pain. , this chest pain has just been coming on for the last couple of weeks now. . two weeks. and can you tell me kind of where you're feeling that pain? , i'm just feeling this chest is comfort sort of over on the left side. left side. . does it stay just in one spot or does it kind of spread anywhere else? no, i don't really feel it anywhere else. , i just feel it in that one spot on the left side. . does it feel dull and achy or does it feel more sharp? it feels pretty sharp. and is it constant on all the time or do you feel it kind of comes and goes? it comes and goes. i would say it might last for 20, 30 minutes at a time and then it goes away. . and over the last two weeks since you said it started, has it gotten any worse? no, it's been about the same. . and has it gotten more frequent? it's 20 to 30 minute episodes. and about two or three times. and if you were to rate it on a scale of zero to 10, zero being no pain and 10 being the worst pain you've ever felt, where would it fall? i would say a four to 10. . can you think of anything that you've done differently recently that could have brought it on? or is there any kind of common factor between the times that you've had the pain? i don't know. i separated from my husband two years ago, which has been really stressful, but other than that, , i can't really think of any changes to my health or anything that recently. . that do you feel you have been more stressed out in general? . the last couple of years has been a lot more stressful because of the those issues in my personal life. i'm sorry to hear that, but i'm glad that you're coming in and we can hopefully get to the bottom of this. not that i think that's necessarily the source of your pain. we definitely want to look into everything, but it has really helped open to know that. when you've had these episodes, have you taken anything to help with the pain or done anything that you've felt has made it go away? i've tried some advil, some tylenol and actually some tums as , and it hasn't really helped. do you think it's worse when you're moving around if you're kind of doing more exercise or is it kind of just the same, not or what you're doing when you get the episode? it actually, i feel it happens most of the time when i'm either at work or driving. , and before this two-week period, have you ever had anything this before? no, i haven't had anything this happen before. do you have any chronic conditions that you see your family doctor for? no, previously healthy. and just jumping back to these pain episodes, when you have them, do you experience anything else? do you get any knowledge or revolving? no. do you have any difficulty breathing during these times? no, i haven't. have you noticed any fevers? no, no fevers. have you been in contact with anyone that's been sick recently? no, i haven't. and have you traveled anywhere outside of canada? no, i've been home. , you have been previously healthy, nothing that you've been seeing your family doctor for on a regular basis. do you take any medications? i do not. no medications, just the tylenol and advil i tried for the pain. , do you have any allergies? no allergies. and is there any history of heart problems in your family? , my father had a heart attack when he was 60 just last year. and it's actually one of the reasons what concerns me about the chest pain that i was having. for sure, it always feels very concerning when you have these symptoms and people in your life that have had issues similar issues in the past. i don't know that this is related to that. i personally don't think at this point, but we're definitely going to do everything to look into it and rule out something that would be scary that. i'm going to ask you a few more questions about your life style in general. do you smoke cigarettes? , i smoke about half a pack to a pack per day. i've been trying to quit and i was smoking one pack per day, but it is down a little bit, but still something i'm trying to work on. congratulations. that's really tough thing to do. i'm just really exciting. it's up in the direction, ? do you drink alcohol? i do, but i'll have maybe water or two glasses of wine on the weekend. do you use any other symptoms? no. i know that you said you don't see your family doctor for anything regularly, but i just want to check a couple specific things. have you ever been told you have high blood pressure? no, i've never been told i've had high blood pressure. have you ever been told you have high cholesterol? i haven't, but i've actually never been tested either. do you exercise regularly? , i actually either do some running or cycling probably three or four days per week. i haven't had any chest pain or problems exercising. that's good to hear. have you ever had problems with heartburn? i don't think . no. . just to kind of summarize what we've talked about. over the last two weeks, you started having these 20 to 30 minute episodes of chest pain that's on the left side. it feels more sharp. is that correct? . it's kind of constant when it comes on. there's nothing really that makes it better or worse. it just kind of goes away on its own after half an hour. it's kind of stayed the same over the last two weeks. haven't really gotten worse or better. it hasn't gone away either. . you never thought it would light up before. and you have been, it sounds experiencing some stress in your life that definitely can play into that as . . is there anything else that you wanted to tell me about that i didn't ask you today? no, i think that's. , i think that's all that i wanted to talk about today. what i'm going to do is bring all this information to your family doctor and we can come back together and talk to you about the next step. awesome. thank you. thanks for coming in.