that will bring you to clinic today. hi, i feel i might have a bladder infection. i see a urologist because i've had some issues with an overactive bladder for a while. i've had a few bladder infections in the past and this is usually how they feel. i feel a little bit of burning when i go to the bathroom and i have to go a lot now. but then also sometimes it means that it gets this when i have my period. and i don't have my period now but i i could be getting it but i also just don't want to let it go. keep going if i do have an infection. i'd just rather get it treated if i do. , understood. when was your last period? two weeks ago? about two weeks ago. are you fairly regular? yes and no. and i'm not super irregular but i sometimes have it it's i alternate. sometimes i my cycle's four weeks and sometimes it's more five. sorry, just clarify again. your third year's old? , i'm 30. . are you going to go contraception now? no, i'm not. , are you sexually active at all? no. no, . just in terms of your you're in a retract infections, what was your last one? i had one three months ago maybe. three months ago? , and if prescribed you antibiotics and it went away fairly quickly? , , i went away. i always i always have no reactive bladder and i always have to go pretty frequently. every hour sometimes half hour but that's still there but it hasn't since then i haven't had any pain. , you still have quite a you have a quite a bit of urgency to go. kind of keep getting more frequently but i suppose the new thing that you're a little bit concerned about is that it burns a little bit, stings a little bit when you do yearning. am i understanding correctly? exactly, for the past couple days it's felt that. , has it been getting progressively worse at all? maybe a little bit. i feel now i can recognize it's pretty early when it's not too bad to kind of get ahead of it. , understood. and do you have any pain kind of behind your ribs at all? on your back? i can repeat that? you haven't had any pain on your back, middle back kind of close to your ribs, have you? not that i can think of. , and have you noticed any changes to the quality of the year? oh, , for example, is it frothy or smelled bad? it maybe looks a little cloudy. , but nothing else out of the ordinary i've never had blood in it or anything. understood. have you noticed any visual changes in the area? here for jaina? no, not that i can see anything that. anything concerned for an sti that you're worried about? no, and i haven't had a sexual partner in a few years. i'm understood. these are kind of questions that we ask when someone's having a little bit of maybe an issue holding in their ear. have you felt any numbness or inability to feel kind of around your buttocks region? for example, when you wipe with tissue paper, can you feel that ? oh, , i can feel everything. , and no changes to your poops, to your bowel movements? no, it's a pretty normal. , and how do you feel otherwise? oh, , i feel i feel a little tired. i felt a little hot yesterday. i don't have a thermometer, i didn't take my temperature. but sometimes i feel a little hot when i've had the infections before. , you don't have any swelling on your anywhere on your body, on your ankles, do you? no. no? . and then no puffiness around your eyes that you've noticed? no, i don't that. any rashes or any changes on your face? my mom said, i, i, i saw my mom earlier and she said i looked a little flushed, but it's not a rash or anything. no, no markings across the bridge of your nose and your cheeks. no. . and then in regards otherwise, you feel a little flushed, a little tired. any other medical issues that you have? no, just this overactive bladder thing. . and have they given you any medications for it? we tried a few different ones before and now i get, i get botox injections into the bladder maybe twice a year. anything else they've used recently? any medications you're on now, i suppose? no, nothing, no, nothing else. , i guess i have , i have an inhaler, but i don't use it all the time. i haven't had too many. oh, you have asthma? , i honestly don't feel i have it very much now, but i still have, i still have seen you learn. understood, understood. anything else you've taken medications for in the past? oh, i used to take birth control the pill, but i just, i don't have a boyfriend now, and i didn't really feel i needed it otherwise. understood, understood. and have you had any past surgeries? , i had my tundict out when i was 24. and that's it though. , got it. and then just in terms of you yourself, do you live in london? , i do. , how would you do for work? i work at a bank, bank, i have a color. do you have any children? no. , and in regards to anything, any sick contacts? , no. any recent travel? no. any allergies? , sometimes in this spring, i'll get a little stuffy, but , sounds pretty good. it's a little , . there's nothing to concern. no drug allergies. no, nothing that. got it, got it. , i think what now i'll do next, i'll move to a physical exam. i think we might just do some investigations just in order to get some more information. and then the physician will come in to see you, ? . , thank you. i'll be on.