brings in here today. hi there. i've just last night i was i went for a run and i twisted my ankle, i think. i stepped on something and it really hurts. and when did you have the injury? it was just yesterday. . , it was just yesterday that it happened. and do you remember if you twisted it, you twisted your ankle did it twist inwards or outwards? inwards, i feel i inverted my ankle. and since then were you able to stand up and were you not able to bear any weight? no, i was able to kind of finish the i just finished the lock. i was able to lock home because it didn't hurt that bad immediately. it was a bit painful but the pain really started a few hours later and has been pretty much constant ever since. . it kind of got worse over time over the last day. mm-. and do you notice any kind of bruising, redness, falling, any skin changes? no i haven't really noticed really any swelling or skin changes. , no skin changes and no swelling. and how would you describe the pain? is it a dull aching pain or a sharp stabbing pain? dull and achy. and as this happened to you and your ankle before? i feel i've done something this when i was younger maybe playing basketball or something this when i was a kid. i've twisted my ankle before. and does this pain just stay in, where's the pain exactly on the side of your ankle or on your left interior side? it's on the kind of outside of the ankle. and which ankle is this just to clarify? oh sorry, on the ankle. onto it hurts on the side of the ankle. exactly. and does the pain radiate or move anywhere left in your feet? i can kind of feel it around on the sole of my foot as but mostly on that outside though. and is there anything that makes the pain better or worse? it gets worse really if i move my ankle or if i'm standing on it. and anything that makes it better? just if i rest and avoid moving it. have you noticed any fevers or chills? no. any pain in any other joints besides your ankle? no just my ankle. any appetite or weight changes? no i've been just training for this race coming up i've been just trying to work on my fitness a little bit but my weight's been relatively stable. any weakness in your extremities or any kind of numbness or tingling sensation? no numbness or tingling and no muscle weakness either. . all have you diagnosed with any medical conditions in the past? i had diarrhea a few months ago and i was given a fluoroquine alone as an antibiotic. those two months ago? and any medications that you're on currently? i take vitamin d and some other vitamins to and vitamin a as i guess to just help my skin and then the vitamin d for my bones. any allergies to any medications or any environmental issues? no allergies no. any hospitalizations or previous surgeries? no. any family history of any musculoskeletal conditions, any rheumatological conditions, anything that of? my grandparents have arthritis and my dad had gall before. and do your grandparents have rheumatoid arthritis or osteoarthritis? ? i think osteoarthritis. and do you currently work? i do i work as a software engineer. and what's your living situation currently? now i'm actually just living alone in an apartment. and do you smoke it all? no never i can't with all this training for the race and stuff that. that's good. any recreational drugs marijuana, cocaine, heroin, anything that before? no i've never used anything that in the past. and how about alcohol? i rarely i'll have maybe an asoon once every couple of months but it's pretty infrequent. all i just have a few questions. now where you're ankle do you have you mentioned you don't have any swelling but do you notice any kind of redness or warmth at all? no nothing that. and if you press down on your ankle does it hurt a lot? i a little bit of pain on it . i would side but it's not wait it doesn't hurt that bad. no it's not. i'll say no. and if you kind of are you able to move your ankle at all? i can i can move it around a little bit. i'm trying to avoid that though just because it does hurt but i can move it around. and are you able to stand up and walk or are you not able to do that now? i can just short periods of time because it's just as of the pain but i can walk on it. definitely what we'll do is we might need to get a proper physical examination done to make sure there's no fracture. most likely though it seems that this may just be an ankle sprain and due to you inverting your ankle the other day. what we can do is usually we just immobilize the ankle and then recommend applying ice. you can take some and says add those for pain to help you and it should get better on its own with some physiotherapy later on as . however if we find that on physical examination you are having significant pain on palpation or any kind of bony pain we might also require you to get an x-ray of the foot and ankle as as just your lower leg. we'll have you come in person and then go from there and see if you need an x-ray. that sounds good thank you. all take care. bye.