and what brings you to the emergency department today? low back pain. ok, and where exactly is the back pain? the pains just rated in the in the lower back. just in the lower back. ok, and when did this pain start? it started yesterday. i was unloading groceries for my pickup truck. wanted to suddenly started. ok, and did you kind of make any kind of movements or do you fix something really heavy? i bought sure i just noticed the pain after that. ok, and what kind of pain are you experiencing? is it a dull cramping pain or is it a sharp or stabbing thing? it feels it's stabbing just in my lower back. ok, and on a scale of one to 10, one being the least pain that you felt in your life, 10 being the worst. how much would you rate this pain? if i'm sitting completely still i am now, it's just a two out of 10. ok. and when does it get worse? any time i move or i bend my back or even cough, it worsens the pain significantly. ok, and has this pain changed at all since yesterday? no, it's been this same awful pain this whole time. ok, and have you ever had this kind of pain before? i've had a back pain over the years, but nothing this before. ok, and does it pain going or does it just stay in the lower back? i also feel the pain into my leg. ok, and is it the same kind of aching or stabbing pain that goes into your leg? ok, and is it just aching pain? it's an aching pain. and do you have any other symptoms besides the pain? are you experiencing any kind of weakness or any kind of any other changes in your health? no, it's just the other changes in your health. and then you have the low back pain. ok, and have you ever experienced any kind of trauma to your back something and take you or you fall down, anything that? no, i can't remember any injuries that in the past. ok, any fevers or chills or night sweats? no fever, no chills, no night sweats. any symptoms of feeling really tired, but didn't you do anything that? no, a bit ok recently. ok, any changes to your skin at all? any relashes? ok, any pain in your joints at all? just the back pain. ok. any new coughs or any symptoms and runny nose or anything that? no. any changes in your bowel movements at all diarrhea, constipation or anything? nothing that. it's been regular. and how about any urinary problems? no, nothing to report there. ok, and how has your appetite been? , appetite has been normal. ok, any significant weight loss or weight gain recently? no, the way it's been about the same. ok, any recent infections that ? no, i've been feeling otherwise. any tingling sensation or numbness in your back or lower limbs? no numbness or tingling? ok. any muscle weakness at all? no muscle weakness. ok, and have you been having any kind of an ear call dysfunction? no concerns with erectile dysfunction? ok, and any issues with incontinence, having accidents at all at night or during the day? no, i haven't had any problems with bowel or bladder incontinence. ok, . in terms of your past medical history, have you been diagnosed with any conditions high blood pressure, diabetes? type 2 diabetes. ok, and you take any medications for it? i'm insulin for diabetes. and any other medications at all? just been taking tylenol for the back pain. and has that worked for you at all? or has it no hidden difference? maybe it's taken the edge off a little bit, but it hasn't done too much to help the pain. any allergies? no. any previous surgeries? i had rights removed three years ago. ok. any hospitalizations before? no, those are day surgery. any family history of any conditions or any cancers? my father had prostate cancer. and currently now, do you work? i'm a retired school teacher. ok. and where do you live? i live alone in a house. not too far from here, actually. ok. and do you drink at all? ok, occasionally. maybe i'll have a glass of red wine on the weekend or something that, but not too often. ok. and do you smoke? i've smoked. , i smoke a pack of cigarettes per day. ok. and for how long have you smoked cigarettes for? about 40 years. ok. and do you use any kind of recreational drugs? never. ok. and how's your diet on a regular basis? i feel it's pretty normal, mostly home cooked meals. it was a variety of vegetables, other meats and fish. i would say it's pretty balanced. ok. all . i just have a few more questions for you. are you currently sexually active? yes, i am. ok. and who are you sexually active with? any new partners at all? no new partners. just my girlfriend. and how many? i'm sorry. go ahead. oh, just my, my girlfriend recently. ok. and have you been sexually active with more than one partner in the past, past year? yes, i have two women over the past year. ok. and how do you use any kind of protection? yes, always use condoms. ok. all . now i'm just going to get the patient's vitals.