my back is just really hurts. i feel really stiff in the morning and , it's just been going on for a few months now. , for a few months stiffness in the morning. your back hurts. where exactly would you say it hurts? , it kind of hurts all over. i can't really pinpoint any specific locations that hurt most kind of hurts all down my back. , all the way up to, i guess, your neck and all the way down to your lower back. i wouldn't really say the neck. , i guess more of the lower parts, maybe the middle of my back and i say down and down. , and what kind of pain would you say it is? is it a dull aching pain? is it a sharp stabbing pain? how would you describe it? it's a dull pain. dull pain. . and on a scale of zero to 10, would there being the least amount of pain you're felt in your life and 10 being the worst? how much would you rate it? it's a bit of four or five. , some days it can be better. , but, , , some days it can be worse. . and when did this start? i think this started about four or five months ago. it's been going on. , for probably about half a year now. . and when it first started, was there anything that caused the back pain any kind of trauma or injury? anything that you can think of that might have led to this? no, nothing that i can think of. it's sort of it's come on slowly. when i first started noticing the back pain, it, , it was maybe a zero to a one. i didn't really notice it too much. but over these last five, six months, it has gotten, has gotten a bit worse. . it kind of came on, , progressively. it didn't just come on suddenly at some point. . , it's been getting worse. . and have you ever had any previous episodes that are similar to this? not my back pain. i do get pain in my knee and in my hand sometimes, but those, those pains just kind of come and go. . i'm going to those pain starts. , those ones started probably, , we're similar timeline around six months ago. . . and the back pain that you're having, , does it radiate or move to any other part of your body? no, i don't feel it anywhere else. . and have you tried anything that has helped relieve some of the pain? any medications or anything? , i've tried some tylenol and, and advil and the, the advil is actually helped taking the adjoff a little bit, but, , the next morning, i have the stiffness and, and pain again. . and, , for your pain, are there any kind of factors that make the pain worse, bending down or standing straight up or laying down? anything that makes your pain worse? , no, nothing that i can think of that really makes it any worse. . and is your pain worse, , when you wake up in the morning, or is it worse, , as the day progresses? it's worse in the morning. it gets a bit better, , as the day goes on, i have about an hour into the day. i feel my best. it takes a little bit of time to, , to, to move around a little bit first. . and, approximately how much time would you say after you wake up, , the stiffness and pain goes away? i would say maybe 30 to 60 minutes. . all . , and, , no, you haven't had any trauma injuries recently, ? no trauma or injuries. . and no fevers or chills? no. . any night sweats? no. any fatigue or malaise? , i have been a bit more fatigue than usual and, , , i've had some malaise as . . , and, , for how long have you had this? it's been, , it's been, it's been, , it's been similarly getting a little bit more, , progressive. , some days i'm just feeling , , i just want to lay around and, and rest, i'm feeling just , , burnt out. and other days i'm . but, , i'm certainly more tired than usual. . i see, , other than that, , have you noticed any kind of, , rashes or skin changes or changes in your nails at all? no, i haven't noticed any rashes or any nail changes. . any shortness of breath? no. no. any changes in your bowel movements or urinary patterns? no, i haven't had any diarrhea or any urinary problems. . have you noticed any changes in your appetite or your weight? no, my appetite has been normal and my weight has been stable. . and have you noticed any difficulties or changes with your vision or any eye problems? no. i haven't noticed anything that. . have you noticed any kind of numbness or tingling sensation in your limbs specifically, your back and your legs? no, no tingling. we're not numb. . any muscle weakness at all? no, i haven't noticed any muscle weakness. . and have you been sick at all recently with any viral or bacterial infections? i had, , i was diarrhea several months ago and i had some antibiotics, but that was it. , a few months ago. . and other than that, currently are you sexually active? yes. and i have a girlfriend and we started dating about six months ago. . and do either of you have any history of any stis at all? no history of stis. . all . and is your partner fine or is she having any symptoms at all? no, she hasn't been having any symptoms and we've been using a condom mostly. . . and otherwise, are you generally healthy or do you have any medical conditions? , i'm generally, i do have asthma actually. and just i had diarrhea a few months ago after eating at a buffet. i think maybe it was food poisoning or maybe something that. . but , asthma and that's it. . and do you use any medications for your asthma? , i'll use the blue inhaler. sometimes i guess the, just when i need it, but that hasn't been very often. . and do you have any allergies to any medications or any environmental factors? i do have environmental allergies. i'm not sure if it's ragweed or pollen, but something that. . and have you had any hospitalizations or previous surgeries? never. . any family history of any medical conditions, any autoimmune conditions or any musculoskeletal conditions? , my mother has a psoriasis. . . and she's had to, i don't use creams and stuff that for her skin. . and currently now, do you work? i do. , i work at a bank. . and your mother, she had psoriasis, did she ever have any... painful all the time, but there's psoriasis. i don't believe . i think she had just issues with her skin. . and you work and then what's your living situation ? . i live with my girlfriend in a condo in the city here. . and do you use any recreational drugs marijuana? yes. sometimes. , i'll smoke back once or twice per week with a friend or something that. . and do you smoke? no cigarettes, no. never. . and do you drink alcohol? sometimes. , i'll have a beer if you want weekend or a cocktail with friends. . all . those were just some of the questions i had. now i'm just going to quickly ask some specific questions. have you noticed any kind of swelling in the areas that you are having pain or red nails or anything that? no. i haven't noticed really any redness or swelling. . and no. are you able to bend down and stand up straight or extend backwards without pain or are you in any pain? i do get it's a bit stiff. i. . i'm not really too sure it not really. it's more stiff. . . and , other than that, do you have any questions or concerns? and , i was just wondering. , what this can be possibly. . . definitely what this seems it started three months to six months ago and it's been going on and it's happening in the morning and how old did you say you were? i'm 2026. . . in the teams progressive and you're getting some pain and your other joints as . it's mainly from your middle to lower back. it can be multiple things that you would have to rule out. first you have a family history of psoriasis. it can be psoriasic arthritis. you don't have any other skin changes or any other symptoms. it can also be since you have had a you were sick four months ago with what might be gastroenteritis. it can be sometimes a few months afterwards you can get something called the active arthritis where you get this progressive pain in your joints and stiffness. and otherwise it can also be something called antolysis fondolitis which can present in your age and it's kind of a progressive dull back pain and that has some morning stiffness as . , there's definitely multiple things that it can be. first we would need to do a full physical examination and book an appointment for that in person. and we will get some lab work done as as as an x-ray of the spine and your sacral iliac joints. and we'll also get some blood work with cbc, crp and esr. those are just inflammatory markers as as the rheumatoid factor and can you clear antibodies. there are some things that will test for different kind of rheumatological issues to see if you have any arthritis. , those are, and then we'll also get an x-ray of your hands and knees since you're having pain there as . , those are some steps that will take, do you have any questions or concerns? no, that sounds great. thank you. all , we'll get in touch with you shortly. that's great. thank you. all , take care. bye. bye.