tell me what brought you in today? sure, my son, he's two and a half months old, and we're in the because he's had this cough fever, seems he's breathing too fast, it's been happening for the past two days, and we weren't sure what else to do for him. , the first thing here would be vital science and assessing kind of stability. is there... we're going to save white. we're going to save white. stable, he is on two liters of oxygen now. , when did the symptoms specifically start? two days ago. , and what started first? i guess he was coughing first, and then we took his temperature, and it seemed he had a fever, it was over 38, and then over the past couple of hours, it seems he's having a hard time breathing, he's breathing too fast. , with this cough, has there... has it been any sputum come up? yes, yellow sputum. yellow? , any blood that you noticed in the sputum? no. , and how was the fever checked? we did a rectal. , and has the temperature... has there been a fever the entire time? we checked twice, we checked on the first day, and then again last night. , and in regards to the difficulties breathing, has there been any changes to , is there been any noisy breathing? i would say he sounds slightly weasy. , have you been hearing any whistling sounds when he's breathing in? i wouldn't say whistling, no, no. , and has he been experiencing any other symptoms? no, he actually hasn't gone through as many wet diapers as he normally does. , has he been... , how's his appetite been? not the greatest, no. , not eating as much or drinking as much? . , how has his behavior been? oh, he's been very, very fussy. , in-consolable, would you say? yes, . , and any bowel problems? no, not that we noticed. , and any vomiting? no. , and have you guys been around anybody who's been sick? no. , sorry, everybody else has been . any travel recently? , we haven't traveled recently. my mom, his grandma had traveled recently, and he saw her last week. , where did she go? mexico. , and how's grandma doing now? she's doing fine, . , and he saw... he spent some time with her. he spent the day with her. , i see. and in regards to past health, has he had any symptoms or this before? , i guess last month he kind of had similar symptoms and they said it was a viral infection. he was just giving some puffers to help us breathing and he got better on his own. , did they tell you what the diagnosis was? at that time, we would just say that it was a viral infection. no, they said it could be bronculitis or just an upper viral infection. . . any reasons for hospitalizations? that time that he had the bronculitis or viral infection, he was hospitalized for two days just to help his breathing. , and any medications that he takes regularly or uses regularly? she... no, no. , any allergies to medications that you're aware of? no. . and in regards to breathing or prenatal history, were there any complications throughout pregnancy? no, i wouldn't say . no. he was normal. everything was normal and he was a healthy baby. . and hasmolum had any complications with any prior pregnancies? no, he's the first one. he's the first one, . and wasmolum throughout the pregnancy, no infectious symptoms during? no. no. . and any concerns with his growth or development far? no, he's been normal. . and then any concerns with either his vision or hearing? no. . if you... . and are his immunizations up to date? , yes, they are. . and could you tell me a little bit about the living situation? i... who's in the home currently and where you guys are living? , we live in a house. it's him, myself and my husband has died. . any pets at home? no pets. no. just walk goldfish. oh, cool. and are there any concerns for verbal abuse in the home? no. how about any physical abuse in the home? no. . and does anybody smoke cigarettes in the home? no. . and then how about drake alcohol? . we have a glass of wine once a week. . and who's the primary caregiver for him? . i guess we both are. , we both are. . and in the family, are there any lung conditions asthma or any heart conditions that run in the family? , my sister, his aunt has asthma. . , and does anybody... , is there any congenital diseases that run in the family? no. no. . how about any genetic diseases? no. . , and it's sounding we wanted to do a, a workup for his symptoms now for breathing heavily and with the fever that's concerning for a type of infection and with being under three months, it would warrant some investigations. we'd want to check, do some blood tests and check his cerebral spinal fluid as to make sure that there's no infection. , and in the brain, i guess, and we'll kind of go from there. sure. . that sounds good. . in the meantime, , we'll give you some inhalers and keep the oxygen on to help with the lungs and the breathing and then keep monitoring for how he's doing symptomatically. . thank you. you're welcome. were there any, was there anything else that i missed the task about? i know. i don't think . . oh, that sounds good. if there was nothing else that you wanted to share, we'll get that started and , , i'll be back shortly. . sounds good. thank you.